Du Chen, come and kneel down soon
Du Chen has done so much for the Du family
This time he must have been framed
If he hadn't spent money
The story of the live streaming host has spread online
Our Du Consortium will not be implicated at all
How old am I?
This kind of thing can be solved for a little money
What are you talking about?
I order you to hold a press conference immediately
Explain clearly
From Now On
You are no longer allowed to manage any of the Du family's properties
Not even evidence
Can't wait to take away my rights?
It's very clear in this picture.
What evidence do you want?
You're right.
Isn't that you in this photo?
This photo is too clumsy.
I can't even see my face clearly. What can it prove?
Now you still want to quibble
This approach is too low-level
Only you two idiots would believe
Why are you here, Mr. Lin?
I'm here to divorce Du Chen